updating to feature an option for Debian distros (#5618)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/faq/how-do-i-install-the-agent-on-a-server-with-limited-internet-connectivity.md

sudo yum localinstall datadog-agent-<AGENT_VERSION>-1.x86_64.rpm
```

> For Debian based distributions the command to install a deb file in current directory would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install a deb file in the current director for Debian based distributions:
```
